finally Skyblock is back on the channel
today I've decided to start a brand new
Skyblock journey and you only get one
block that's it so yeah thanks for
watching she is what was that you just
okay no but actually before this video
starts I have some very exciting news we
did it guys we actually did it
69% of you watching and not subscribe
which is epic however that is still way
too many of you so do me a favor and hit
subscribe
only if you enjoy my content and this
video shout out is coming from Instagram
thank you to this person you're an
absolute legend okay no but seriously
this is crazy good like you are so
talented thank you absolute legend today
guys my name is woodsy and welcome back
to a brand new Skyblock journey so this
one's gonna be very different this is
minecraft but you only get one block I'm
coming to this trend extremely late no
this was this was a trend like a month
ago
but regardless we're here and yeah we're
gonna do it this block will regenerate
it is an infinite block so while I learn
how to play the game allow me to get you
guys up to speed you spawn on this
single block which of course is infinite
and as you continue to break it it will
continue to generate different types of
blocks dirt wood stone the more you
break the block it will level up in
phases there are ten phases phase one
being Plains and the tenth phase I
assume is going to be the end as you go
along a lot of cool stuff happens so
just keep watching as I break blocks and
expand my island put your items into
chests don't tell me what to do
alright well let's start expanding a
little bit like getting a bit of an
island going bit of space much as I
don't want to listen to this thing I
think I will put my items into a chest
there we go out to everything we make a
pickaxe I don't know if a pickaxe is
worth it whatever let's make a pickaxe
let's just get to work you know let's
let's get ourselves some blocks
pumpkin hey that's cool nice
oh and melons hello Ross do I want to
wait those grass to spread so we can
start getting grass around here I think
I might I might just do that
did I really sit here for over one
minute watching grass grow absolutely I
did to make sure to subscribe because in
the next episode we're going to watch
paint dry oh there we go we got some
grass to grow now we can go back to just
strained Pig hello Pig please don't
leave me
well this I hope how do I I want this
pig to stay with me forever
you are you are my pig just move over a
little bit alright nice another chest
let's see what we've got this time okay
a couple saplings interesting
interesting oh wait we've got some
things in our last one alright let's
plant let's plant some trees more melons
thank you very much cow hello okay we
hadn't quite the family going on around
here this progress is fast I didn't
expect this to be quite like this but I
am definitely not complaining I don't
really know what to do I can't lie I I
just I'm addicted I can't stop digging
blocks you cannot stop me
okay I've been stopped yes I'll just
keep building my island I don't even
know what we want to achieve by the end
of this episode all I know is I'm just
I'm having fun just doing this chicken
we're getting a lot of like animals and
stuff Lee I guess I should try and like
make an area for them or something but
they need a lot more blocks with that
we've got another chest here nothing too
important I don't think maybe the
leather and people need books at some
point chicken no it was fine earlier
because the chest is like a lower block
okay well we lost our chicken hopefully
that wasn't our only chicken and we've
lost it cheap blue sheep right well you
guys know the drill
not a woodsy Skyblock video until I'm
just building circles all over the place
here we go these animals are getting a
little bit wild I need you guys to just
chill out all right
[Music]
another chest alright nice we got a bit
more leather we got our first oak
sapling which is interesting cool
another cow yes I guess it's not too bad
that we lost the chicken after all I
[Music]
just need to put this marker here so we
remember which one is no our center
block what's our mission what's our
objective I think maybe it's to create
an area for some animals got to be it
[Music]
alright this is it we're definitely
gonna need a lot more dirt if we're
gonna build something this huge chicken
chicken is back and we got yet another
cow and we have a lot of cows now hey
wonder what happened if I just sat here
in his mind blocks forever is there any
reason I planned why is his chest have
lovehearts is there any reason I can't
just sit here and just mind blocks
forever I guess there would be no fun
benevolent gift or water bucket that
would be the most important thing right
now plus the carrot to farm with what's
the map for I wonder Hey look it's like
a little fish we've built a little fish
I guess that's pretty cool we can see
our Island I like that alright let's put
this water bucket away we don't want to
lose that yes for now let's just go back
to building our stupid looking dirt
circle over here
now am I gonna regret building out of
all this dirt time to think now what if
I run what if it just stops giving me
dirt oh hang on upgrading this this is
cool this is actually so exciting I have
no idea what's going on right now you
have reached level to the underground
many a monster roam well we're getting
an upgrade all right what should we do
without cobblestone I guess okay well
first things first let's get an upgrade
on these awful tools and also it said
something about monsters I guess let's
make a sword in case these things
spawned some monsters on our island
hello we got some coal as well and now
I'm starting to get concerned because I
think we may have gotten all the dirt
we're ever gonna get and I've built all
that out of dirt over there I'm starting
to get concerned well why does gravel do
that oh we get nye and now we're getting
rich oh hi oh no okay good we will get
more dirt I hope we get dirt infinitely
what the hell are you la mouche Hren
this is wild man this is absolutely wild
why is it it's time we went on a mission
we do that there we go now we can get
our gravel from now on okay nice oh and
our tree group stuff is going on right
now hey there we go see we got some
gravel don't know what I need gravel for
but we have it and there it is there's
that stupid mob we've been waiting for
get out of the a we got the leather cap
we look and see wait a second we're
getting a little hungry now now that
we've taken some damage we need some
food and since I don't want to kill any
of my mobs I think I'm gonna make use of
our mushroom here but it's friendly
don't want to kill it but I know what
turns a nighttime it's gonna hate me oh
it's not worth it alright finally we got
another chest from this point forward it
was all really just a constant cycle of
breaking blocks and then just building
more platforms everything seemed to be
going quite well that was until this
happened look no no or my I'm not
messing it up oh my god that is evil
dude what the hell I need it I need to
keep my distance I'm minding from here
from now on well now that this game had
completely traumatized me and had
single-handedly prescribed me two months
of intensive therapy I could finally go
back to my block game but I was ready
for that next creeper
[Music]
hey we got a tree to grow
speaking of trees I think I figured out
what I want this platform out here to be
I think I'm gonna make this our tree
platform all right very nice things
things are taking shape let's get back
to mining okay just a zombie
treat ourselves to the iron pickaxe
creeper creeper terrific curve see how
ready I was you see hey all right we
finally got another chest let's see what
are we getting this time alright a new
type of sapling and right there I'm
gonna go back to doing a bit building
all there really is you know digging and
building when ballons thank you
what if we could start making some farms
we're gonna build out this way yet again
[Music]
all right well you're making some great
progress right now and just like that
we've built another platform and we're
gonna need some more dirt for this I'm
just curious what happens I'm gonna
place water in the mitt wait what there
we go alright nice you place the one
water in the middle right and then it
spans all the way out this way and of
course first thing we have a plan gotta
be melons right alright so we've got our
tree platform now what's meant to be our
animal platform that's turned out as
being our whole island and our farm
platform I think we're done well I'm not
really sure is there a way to be doing
well at square block okay yet another
chest something good please yeah yeah
old string actually drink and make some
cool things drink and make you oh cobweb
was good also for string we could make a
bow now if we wanted I'll save that to
keep our options open
another mooshroom these are very popular
on this is this like completely random
chance or is this like planned out in a
way that I'm meant to get five mushroom
cows to start off with another spot okay
okay we've got our specialized chests
for the level or whatever you call it
let's see what we got
bones ice ice for water okay we have an
infinite water source now all right we
now have our infinite water source by
only we get our infinite water source
first thing we got to do put down our
safety water you know what I think our
tree platform is done oh I better do one
here is well oh and we're upgrading I
wonder what our next upgrade is going to
be
phase three is the snow biome winter
covers the land with its icy hands I
wonder what that means and you know what
that's that's actually where I'm gonna
leave it off I don't really know what
our goals are moving forward but this is
this is what we've created so far so
guys consider this episode a pilot
episode or a test did you guys enjoy
this video do you want me to make a
series out of it or have I left it too
late to try this map out make sure to
let me know in the comments down below
and also while you're at it give me some
challenges in goals for this map because
I'm not even sure if I know what I need
to achieve regardless though thank you
so much for watching right until the end
and I'll catch you all in the next one
Cheers
what was that you've just finished
watching the video and you don't know
what to watch anymore well why not head
over to my second channel what to eat
where I post wacky blogs and stuff and
awesome videos yeah I'm I'm just self
promoting that's all hope you enjoyed
the video